### Weekly Reflections: 

**11th week** The feedback from the HR interview and techinical interview was nothing to know, but it's great pre-exposure to help student to be comfortable in the real world.  I started whispering to myself while coding, to improve expressing out loud for whiteboard, commenting and documenting. Did not get the chance to do Spring, API calls, and backend in general, so it is my homework after graduating bootcamp. If all the personal project was set to have database in the backend from our server, the whole class can learn to code it at ounce. 

**10th week** The meeting with DWS went well. It was a very productive meeting, they are in with our plan, tasks and goals were assigned among the DWS members and a developer. They were all excited to see this goes through. Friday, the tech mock interview was difficult because I haven't have the time to practive the for & if loop algorithm because of the java and android chapter including long hours of analyzing the code and syntax.  Donny have so much to talking about, he is distracted by conversations. Jacquer keep getting sick. Jake takes the lead for learning java prior and have a CS brother. As for me, I was able take codes i wrote (with some help) and then talor it to other parts of my project without an help, see the code work feels like I'm slowing breaking my cognitive limitation bearier.

**9th week** Going to the little Salesforce event was a great move. Our team got connected with DWS for help with our Saleforce backend. Jacques is pumped while Donny is not a fan of "Sales"force, I'm in between like neutral.  Little by litte with all the chuck of codes i tailor together into my project, I finally feel like i am coding on my own. Most of my code was correct while some issue fixed with the help from Nick and Chris. I cannot yet ride a bycicle in java land by myself nor ride without the training wheels. Until more practice to unfimilar codes and algorithm, then off goes the training wheel and endless possibility awaits. fews weeks left we all like to show up late.

**8th week** Demo Day preperation was more work that I thought took use from the weekend till wednesday to get our presentation right, Daniel did an excellent job directing all of the presentation, It was a nice event. I wish the companies didnt leave after the last presentation, I then see how important to keep the every presentation short so that we all can have time to mingle after the show. Thursday & friday we shift away from all the projects to do some simple and important coding, like different UI langauge for example. I code over the weekend and I finish the Java chapter 17 over the weekend, one more previous chapter and I am finish with the book. I think Generic was the hardest chapter in the Java book.  

**7th Week**, surprise by the fact that we are debugging writing codes on our own and had some success doing so. I had to use the big nerd android book file and camera function. The github and internet does not have everything to learn from, so purchasing more text book is next on my list. Code Complete complete was reccommend by Nick & Chris.

**6th Week**: Android Session with Google search API gotten way out of scoop, we couldn't learn much from that, so I think the students need to know more than the basics prior to bootcamp, like briefly learn almost the entire java then get in the meat and detail in class. and learning how things being invoke and pass around in java will save alot of bootcamp time. The *Big Nerd Ranch Android Programming* is a difficult to learn book. Regardless if the code instruction is incomplete or just not beginner friendly, this book does not compliant with learning techniques and theories that a neurologist and psychologist recommend, but there's alot of useful code example to try out.

**5th Week**: Our professor Nick teaches with some learning strategy that I'd never seen in my college years, He call it doggy pedal with a shark behind our tail, an example is throwing advance foreign code in the exam. After getting pass the emotions, I believe this encourage us to study harder, look closer, and dive deeper.  Thinking back on those youtube java videos i watched, it lack the detailed explanation, and it is too fast, making it hard for the brain to remember, therefore those java video are only good for reviews.

**4th Week**: Our first exam was super hard, there were codes we never seen before, Christ said it's harder than last cohor and this was part of a learning strategy. We dont have enought pratice writting code so syntax error slow us down. Jac & Donny did most of the coding, they ask questions faster than i could accumulate words in my head.  I think every student should be require to read the simpilfied Java textbook prior to bootcamp. [Head First Java](http://www.headfirstlabs.com/books/hfjava/) is one of few.

**3rd week**: losing one student per week feels like a TV game show with elimination round every week; best of luck to Freddy.  I feel like pre-work prior to bootcamp was not enought to prepare most student.

**2nd week**, some confusion had clear up, but we're all still lingering in the abyss. By Wednesday, as we're all being interrogated, we lost Matt as he concludes that he is totally lost; 6 students remaining. 

**1st week** seems like the longest week, Thursday came by and Donny quietly drop out leaving 7 students remaining.
